1. Remove ABELINCO.EXE, CITYBURN.EXE, CWS.EXE, CWSTITLE.EXE
2. Remove CWS.LNK, CWSDOC.COM, CWSMENU.OBJ, CWSTRAT.OBJ, CWSTRAT2.OBJ, GO.BAT, INSTALL.BAT, PRINTDOC.BAT
3. Add .gitignore
===
4. Remove screensaver related code
5. Remove unused boss1 code
6. Move menu code to beginning of CWSMENU.BAS
7. boxc => boxColor; wtype = windowType
8. Reformat menu related code in CWSMENU.BAS
9. Remove code referencing CWSDOC.COM in CWSMENU.BAS
===
10. Replace all instances of mtx$ with menuText$ across codebase.
11. Replace all instances of mxw with maxWidth across codebase.
===
12. Convert DIR$ based file checking to _FILEEXISTS.
13. Reformat and add docs to animate and armies subs.
14. Rename barnacle sub to sinkShip.
15. Remove reference to cityburn.exe
===
16. Reformat and document battle sub.
17. Document combine sub.
18. Change vary to variance.
19. Rename normal to generateNormalRandom.
20. Rename bub2 to bubbleSort.
21. Rename bubble to bubbleSortMenuText.
22. Rename clrbot to clearBottom and clrrite to clearRight.
===
23. rwin => rebelWin
24. Reformat and document void
25. Remove calls to abelinco.exe and cwstitle.exe
26. Rename image2 to displayMessageBox
27. Rename ships to drawShips, reformat mapText
28. Rename armyxy to drawArmy, resupply to resupplyArmy
29. Rename roman to generateRomanNumeralArmy
30. Minor code refactoring, remove F1 = HELP
===
31. Merge CWS14.BI, CWSMENU.BAS, and CWSTRAT2.BAS into CWSTRAT.BAS
===
32. utile => utilityMenu
33. Extract unionplus, blanken into SUBs
34. nflag => navyMenuFlag, mflag => moveMenuFlag, rflag => recruitMenuFlag
===
35. optmen => optionsMenu
36. Move rusure into CASE condition
===
37. Remove unused topbar code
38. Code reformatting, update comments
39. armystat => showArmyStatistics
40. combine => combineArmies
===
41. starfin => setStartFinishIndexes
42. star => startIndex, fin => endIndex
===
43. occupy => occupyCity, relieve => relieveArmyCommander
44. stax => increaseArmyExperience, flashcity => animateFlashingCity
45. Code reformatting
===
46. armies => moveArmy; iterate => advanceNextTurn
47. blanken => displayPlayerTurnScreen; unionplus => addUnionAdvantage
===
48. GOTO dudd, GOTO nocity2, GOTO nocity, GOTO noshow, GOTO notarg => EXIT SUB
49. GOTO fnew, GOTO menu1, GOTO notrain, GOTO holdup, GOTO relee => EXIT SUB
50. Code reformatting
===
51. schooner => drawSchooner, ironclad => drawIronclad
52. Remove some declarations for non-existent SUBs.
53. Remove old code comments.
===
54. flags => drawFlags, shipicon => drawShipIcon, fortify => fortifyCity
55. Move draw subroutines to end of code
56. Code reformatting
===
57. cancel => cancelArmyMove, capitol => drawCapitol, movefrom => moveArmyFrom
58. tinytrain => drawTinyTrain, animate => animateArmyMove
59. Continue moving draw subroutines to end of code
===
60. chessie => drawChessie, icon => drawIcons
61. Continue moving draw subroutines to end of code